So here I am on my website right and down in the right corner here you can see the AI agent from 11labs. This is a widget now I push to my website so this is live in production right. So how this works now is we can click on this to talk to our AI agent that has knowledge about the website. So if I just click here now right. Hey this is Chris if you have any questions about my website or me let me know. Yeah I see you have a newsletter here what is this about? It's an AI engineer newsletter I send out one or two emails a month with information I think is valuable. I also include my thoughts. Okay okay that's fine that's fine. I'm on your videos page now what was the latest video you uploaded? The latest video I uploaded was coding with cursor AI full stack web app tutorial. It says here it says five challenges. That's right the video is five challenges for Claude computer use. It's a practical demonstration of Claude's capabilities. Okay what about the swarm video? The swarm video is called open AI swarm AI agents. It's an analysis of agentic workflows and a discussion of collaborative AI. Okay okay that's pretty cool but what about I need to send you an email. My email address is chris at alabtai.com. Okay that was pretty hard to hear but I can see you have a github here. What is kind of the latest repo on your github link here? My latest repo is called elabs agent. It's an 11 labs agent and is written in javascript. Okay that's pretty cool. You also have this easy local rag something that is pretty popular. How many stars? The easy local rag repo has 767 stars. It's a super easy local rag setup using a llama and email rag. It's written in python. Okay okay that's pretty cool. Yeah I think I got what I need. I'm gonna sign up for that newsletter right? How do I do it? You can sign up for my newsletter on the website. Is it free? Yes the newsletter is free. I send out one to two emails per month with information. Okay thank you. Bye. You're welcome. Let me know if you have any other questions. Bye. Okay so everything you heard that was real time right? So that's pretty good latency. I would approve of this and what is nice is that we can change the voice whatever voice you can. I tried to do my voice but it's so it has this very weird accent so in the future I'm gonna add my own voice but yeah that's basically intro. Now I'm gonna show you how you set all this up. I also made this mock. You can see this is like a mock e-commerce store and this is where I think this could be really game-changing asking about products, prices, policies and everything like that. So let me show you how I set this up how you can too and we're gonna test out this customer support agent thing here right. So the way we set this up is on 11labs.io right and they have this beta feature here called conversational AI. So if you click into here you can see they are adopting the AI agent term right. Create and configure conversational AI agents using realistic capivating speech. Okay so you can see I have my two agents here. Let's start with the web page agent we just had a look at right. We have an id here that we are using for this widget. We can test it in this playground here that's pretty cool and you can set everything up here like now we are using a prompt but you can see in the future we might do like a server that's pretty cool. Language first message so this is the message we play when we get onto the website so have you heard that and we have a system prompt and what is also cool is that this is the knowledge base right. So here I put in some information about my newsletter. I linked my repo so there's where we got all of the information about the repos I have. I have something about myself, I have about my videos, services I offer. I didn't mention that now I kind of forgot that but that's pretty cool too and here you can put in everything knowledge base but what it also had is LLMs so we can change whatever model we want right. So now I used 1.5 flash because that's pretty quick but we can also use 3.5 sonnet if we wanted to I guess get a better response right but flash is pretty quick the latency is super low and it's pretty cheap so that is kind of what I liked. So currently the LLM cost is covered by us in the future this will be passed on to you. In this beta thing we don't pay any tokens so that's pretty cool but we still pay for the time on the voices so I don't think I have the I can't keep it up I think we'll see I might keep it up on my website for a while if you want to try it out let's see about that. So that was that part right here is where we select the voice so I just picked a voice set kind of stability similarity and you can choose a latency this is going to cost you more if you want lower latency and we can pick whatever voice we want here right so there's a lot a lot of voices you can have in your own language that's pretty cool and we have advanced yeah I'm not gonna go too much into here but you can set like maximum conversation duration timeouts keywords here is the widget so that's pretty cool so it's pretty easy to set up you have this widget and you can customize it right so you can see here is my style but we also have an SDK here so we can look at the documentation because we can kind of customize this to whatever we want so in my mock page this I kind of use this back in here so we're going to take a look at that but I'm not going to dive in deep into this SDK today I'm just going to focus on kind of what I think about this we're going to try it out and stuff but it's very easy to set up I think they made a good job of that because we get this widget we can place on our on our website right with this agent ID so it's pretty cool but now I think we just want to test it out here is kind of my support agent and I want to show you kind of how I set this up so here is kind of my support agent Emma we have a knowledge base here is everything about our chipping and return policies everything about the items in our store right so we have that knowledge in the knowledge base we selected Gemini 1.5 flash it's fine for now you're friendly and Tuesday really want to help the customer get information about store items and policies answering three to seven sentences and yeah that's basically it so I think we're just gonna fire that up and test it out so this is where I was thinking like this could really replace a lot of jobs if you do a good job on setting this up of course customer service is at risk being not maybe replaced but being changed anyway but I think this is another great way and there's a lot of other stuff we can do with this so this is let's say this is a cheap e-commerce business you don't have maybe don't have money to have a like on a customer agent or some kind of support but you could maybe fire up this agent here that can help your customers right so I wanted to know a bit more about this smart fitness watch right so I can just start a call hi I'm Emma how can I help you today I'm looking at this smart fitness watch could you tell me a bit more about it there's so little information about it on the website of course the smart fitness watch is a really cool device it's designed to help you track your health and fitness goals it can monitor your heart rate sleep patterns and stress levels in real time and it tracks over 20 different workout types it also has a built-in gps blood oxygen monitor do you have any information about the battery life that's important to me you're right battery life is super important the smart fitness watch has a battery life of five days which is pretty impressive for a smart watch with all those and can you confirm the price for me of course the smart fitness watch is priced at 149.99 is there anything else I can help you with today so I was looking at this 27 inch gaming monitor I really need it for tomorrow next day delivery if you have that I live in Hawaii by the way oh that's great the 27 inch gaming monitor is a fantastic choice unfortunately next day delivery isn't available to Hawaii we do offer express shipping which takes two business days though would you like to know more about express shipping yeah I need a price for that of course express shipping for the 27 inch gaming monitor is 12.99 it's a great option to get it to you quickly would you like to go ahead and place an order for it I'm also looking at that pro gaming mouse but there's no dpi information I need it to be over 15 000 at least oh great question you're right the product description doesn't explicitly state the dpi let me check our product specifications I'll be right back okay I'm back the pro gaming mouse does have a dpi of 16 000 so it's definitely over 15 000 it's a great choice for gamers who need precision and accuracy is there anything else I can help you with today okay so I thought I was pretty cool right let's say we wanted to do something else now with our ecom store so let's say I just ask Claude here to write some payments methods and security so let's just copy payment methods here right I don't know yeah it doesn't matter too much special programs yeah just stop it there it doesn't matter too much so I'm just gonna copy that and then we can go back to our agent here super easy knowledge base add item and here you can see we can do files urls and text so I'm just gonna do payment I'm gonna paste in the content add item save and now we should be able to ask about payment right so let's try that just gonna restart my server here let's go to our port refresh this and let's ask about payment now hi I'm Emma how can I help you today okay so I just I want to buy an item but give me like a quick summary of the payment options like the most popular ones of course we accept a wide variety of payment methods but the most popular ones are credit and debit cards like Visa MasterCard American Express and Discover we also have digital wallets like PayPal Apple Pay Google I kind of like this pay now or pay later or what it's called oh you mean buy now pay later options we have a few of those like Klarna Affirm and Afterpay they let you split your purchase into interest free that's pretty cool yeah thank you you're very welcome is there anything else I can help you with today okay as you saw we introduce payment options we got every information Klarna Google Pay Apple everything right so that worked pretty good so super easy to customize to adjust we can change voices so yeah I think this is a pretty good initiative for like a big AI voice company like 11 labs right yeah that is pretty much what I wanted to cover today I wanted to try out 11 labs new conversational AI they're going into the AI agents thing I think that's pretty cool and they did a good job here from my testing super easy to set up super easy to add context rag voices pretty fast inference is good so I think this looks like a good product again from 11 labs I'm not pushing any like there's no affiliate or anything here I just like their product so I wanted to test it out and I can see some disruption here right the customers report but it's mostly about adding value I think right let's say the price comes a lot down this could be a cool thing to have on your website I tried it on mobile it works great right so pretty interesting I'm gonna follow this space so if you want to follow more like this on the channel just give it a like and I'll sub and I'm gonna cover these AI agent releases when they come out sign up for the newsletter if you want to do that follow my videos main page have some services I offer if you want to talk to me right better turn this off conversation if you want a youtube video shout out we can discuss the price if you have a project you want to highlight just contact me on that page find a link in the description below become a member of the channel thank you for tuning in see you again soon bye bye